###### HOW TO CREATE A JOIN:-###### \-IF YOU HAVE TWO TABLES LIKE PUPIL AND COURSE.###### \-YOU HAVE TO LINK BOTH WITH FOREIGN KEY.###### THEN YOU CAN CRETE THE JOIN### JOIN:-(MERGE)(TYPE).(NOTE:-JOIN CANNOT CREATE A TABLE SO WHEN EVER YOU WANT TO SEE THE JOIN YOU HAVE TO RUN THE QUERY).#### #### ///DEPENDS ON YOUR REQUIREMENT.#### 1)INNER JOIN:- 2TABLE-DISPLAY COMMON DATA OF BOTH TABLE.#### 2)LEFT JOIN:- LEFT TABLE WHOLE DATA AND (RIGHT AND LEFT) TABLE COMMON DATA.(EX- SELECT CUSTOMER-1(LEFT) ZOYA ORDER-2(RIGHT))#### #### 3)RIGHT JOIN:- RIGHT TABLE WHOLE DATA AND (RIGHT AND LEFT) COMMON DATA.#### #### 4)FULL JOIN:- BOTH TABLE WHOLE DATA.(IN MYSQL DIRECTLY DON'T SUPPORT FULL JOIN)(MYSQL HAVE LEFT,RIGHT JOIN AVAILABLE INBUILT BUT NOT HAVE FULL JOIN)(YOU HAVE TO USE -UNION/INTERSECTION).#### #### 5)SELF JOIN:-OWN TABLE JOIN//It is used when data in the same table is related to other rows of that same table.#### (IN REAL TIME WE NEVER USE SELF JOIN)#### #### 6)CROSS JOIN:-RETURN ALL POSSIBLE COMBINATION OF ROWS FROM TWO TABLES.#### INNER JOIN:-(Only the matching records from both tables#### 👉 If there is no match, that row is NOT shown).###### SELECT pupil. name,pupil.age, course.name,course.fees###### FROM pupil###### INNER JOIN course###### ON pupil.pupil\_id(foreign\_key)=course.course\_id(primary\_key in course) (//ALWAYS TAKE LINKED TABLE COLOUMNS).#### LEFT JOIN:-(All records from the LEFT table#### 👉 And matching records from the RIGHT table#### 👉 If no match is found, it shows NULL)###### SELECT pupil.name,pupil.age, course.name,course.fees###### FROM pupil###### LEFT JOIN course###### ON pupil.pupil\_id(foreign\_key)=course.course\_id(primary\_key in course) (//ALWAYS TAKE LINKED TABLE COLOUMNS).#### RIGHT JOIN:-(All records from the RIGHT table#### 👉 And matching records from the LEFT table#### 👉 If no match is found, it shows NULL)###### SELECT pupil. name,pupil.age, course.name,course.fees###### FROM pupil###### RIGHT JOIN course###### ON pupil.pupil\_id(foreign\_key)=course.course\_id(primary\_key in course) (//ALWAYS TAKE LINKED TABLE COLOUMNS).#### FULL JOIN:-(All rows from LEFT table#### 👉 All rows from RIGHT table#### 👉 Matching rows combined#### 👉 Non-matching rows show NULL)### QUERY:-###### SELECT pupil.p\_name, course.p\_course###### FROM pupil###### LEFT JOIN course###### ON pupil\_id=course\_id###### ###### UNION###### ###### SELECT pupil.p\_name, course.p\_course###### FROM pupil###### RIGHT JOIN course###### ON pupil\_id=course\_id.#### #### CROSS JOIN:-(TO GET LOG(ALL POSSIBLE COMBINATION)OF A CUSTOMER.)###### \-IT INCLUDES ALL LEFT TABLE AND ALL RIGHT TABLE EVERYTHING OF CUSTOMER.###### \-MODI -I TWEET- 10MIN AFTER DELETE- IN 10 MIN -BJP PERSON CASE-THERE IS NO PROFF IN OUR PROFILE-THEN AT THAT TIME CYBER CELL-TWITTER-USE(DATE)CROSS JOIN.SELF JOIN:-OWN TABLE JOIN//IN OTHER JOIN DIFFERENT TABLE JOIN.(IN REAL TIME WE NEVER USE SELF JOIN)\-DIVIDING ONE TABLE INTO 2 PARTS...STUDNET--> STUDENT A AND B.EX:-SELECT A.sname,B.snameFROM student A, stduent B  //like this student table into A and B.WHERE A.saddress=B.saddress  //both address must be same.